Hello and welcome to one
Another best video of me this time
for analysis, and I hope so
like her short time opinion about the weapon
then explain well what I recommend
upgrade here to weapons and too good
Last but not least briefly on the
I also go rarities
so the most interesting is
the last word in my opinion one
clear buy recommendation for pvp why the
Moffels crazy day really much
strongly
one has here fan fan fire this
week no mold and consistent
be fired
genetics harm small looking of the type
then the stability you will pretty
well throw up that's in pvp course
The idea of ​​the name helps before this
pilgrimage additional precision at
firing from the hip will turn out for the
Weapon a petty review and so on
further interested in the card the
I now have dazzling myself
and from my guests partners
youtube thrown the info card with it
It also gives a better impression
from the weapon gets it goes on
we have a point here
change weapons move faster
faster as you count that's all
okay big-caliber chance over big
chance to shake the goals and
they make their mass difficult
the handling of the weapon is also complete
okay but not what i want
I want to perfect the ground from the
recoil this week is extremely low
you can imagine how slight that is
recoil is when you have it in there
and the rift help almost at the top
and it is a wonderful deduction
mirror
then the last word that
special ability beans damage and more
stability
additional precision additional
Precision damage when free from the
hip means you do it at one
headshot when he made the hip of
additional harm if there is one
Critical strike is in the melee can
you then in pvp of course without pulling
celebrate
that is extremely strong because you then more
I'll do too much harm
create a pvp video
that will probably be on saturday
get by
I would be in the info card then
if you have the video here, the analysis
a little later , the weapon is now looking
is in my opinion like me now
says I have a very strong PVP weapon
as well as all revolvers so all exotic
Revolvers are strong in my opinion
pvp weapons for pvp, however, rather
less I'm not such a pv revolver
friend with the exception of destiny to
but that's a different story
theme for me for pvp angefressene
people a clear buy recommendation for pva
Torn people came shopping is not
bad but the magazine with downing
is just a little bit and has
you go through pretty fast
I prefer to be open in pvp with others
but she is not too bad so
tightened again
in summary, buy pvp definitely bva
is a matter of taste, I want to be him
to let
Well that was it from the last one
word here we go briefly on the
other part 1
that I also said something about that
I would like to upgrade or not
I'm not that hard light fan I am
I'd rather search
but many people do not have that and
like to play, of course, upgrade and
no color at all, you should finally
the game with the weapons with which one
plays best and likes to play
visit did not appear there now
discussion that will upgrade the weapon
super bvb so upgrade if you can
or by the way, exactly the same
upgrade because now is a superweapon
with the skills they that are then
If we had the thorn, I say
always not discouraged
that has a specific reason for me
because someday you will get the forment
again that you get anyway, the there
Can and if you look after the nil you
gets the foray and then on
anyway you have the hat then with 331 on
but who can not wait the otherwise
also upgrade
very clearly then she plants mine
opinion after a wonderful weapons bvb
and the bvb also very strong if you have the
Skin also upgrade patience and time
also very good with the hunter
to combine invisibility but also
he is a pvp weapon for pva just for the
Dawn well suited I take because he
other sniper with the icebreaker or
black sky but see the skills
Of course, without patience and patience
time with invisibility and then
something very special the falcon moon
for ps four players had xbox unfortunately
not or not yet
coming so soon all the
Handgun is 1a advised against
is very pvp says for me as well as me here
everyone said at the last word
exotic dollars, pvp are strong the bva
not bad I think in all cases
better than the last word in the big and
actually upgrade everything
unless of course you do not have enough money
or enough of that, well then I would
recommend
heerizes the two to prioritize now
short of the rarities that I'm there
also something to say from this
time is chosen in the foot telemetry there
handguns telemetry wish red
flashing entry most of the
Ingenious telemetry also does not deceive
Not
You can use them quite well
've made a video on it too
now who put it in the info card in
the description wef is also one
because you know that you can use super
to level weapons
I do not give away more in the other
video you can see how it works
the 2 well there you can normal
perez upgrade a bit
make faster
who does not have that and who munich too much
has that too is not bad
I have at the beginning of the game too
I have done in the meantime
These ratings are much better
and much faster
that's why it's not for me
more interesting and then harder
Ammunition synthesis very clear
Purchase recommendation covers you too
ammunition
You can get a coin at five
trade in and that's a great deal
I would make every now and then
if you have too little heavy ammunition
because one searches and always needs
heavy ammunition
yes and that was it already
from a small analysis to the words
from CSU - I deliberately share that choice
not reinwerfen again info cards
with the partners and with the armor
with my own videos I ask that
in two videos because it's so much easier
to manage is
I thank you very much for
watch if you liked the video
has and helpful even let but a
easier or commented I am pleased
always over commons then lies the channel
nice then i know the community is here
and she is happy about wet video
or subscribe me if you still have me
do not subscribe
thank you for watching